Plantation Forestry|Ashesh|Plantation forestry can produce a high volume of wood in a short period of time. Plantations are grown by state forestry authorities (for example, the Forestry Commission in Britain) and/or the paper and wood industries and other private landowners (such as Weyerhaeuser, Rayonier and Sierra Pacific Industries in the United States or Asia Pulp & Paper in Indonesia). Christmas trees are often grown on plantations, and in southern and southeastern Asia, teak plantations have recently replaced the natural forest.|images/11.jpeg
Importance of Tree|Borsho|Today, many trees are brought down by people to build streets, houses, manufacturing plants, and so on. Trees assume a significant job in nature. They clean air and give oxygen supply. Planting trees won’t just make up for their loss yet, also advantage the earth. Trees are the earth’s life supportive network. They support and are essential for life on earth. Aside from giving oxygen, trees additionally work as common safeguards of noise pollution. The forests do develop naturally. Be that as it may, today, forests are chopped down at a rate more noteworthy than they could develop. This causes a sort of irregularity, wherein relatively few trees are left to meet our oxygen supply and different requirements. Trees are a source of shelter and nourishment for many species, reptiles, and birds. Any place a tree is planted it gives another lease of life to these species. Trees additionally cause rain and prevent floods.|images/a1.jpg
Gardening|Sourov|Gardening may be a fun and relaxing way to get in touch with nature, but did you know that it also has plenty of health benefits? Gardening is an activity that’s good for both the mind and body, and can be enjoyed by people of all ages. Plus, you get to eat the delicious fruits, vegetables and herbs that you grow. So, grab your tools and get in the dirt!It only takes a little bit of gardening to work up a sweat. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, just 2.5 hours of moderate activity each week can help reduce the risk of many health problems, including heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure and Type 2 diabetes.|images/a2.jpg
Deforestation|Upoma|As the world seeks to slow the pace of climate change, preserve wildlife, and support billions of people, trees inevitably hold a major part of the answer. Yet the mass destruction of trees—deforestation—continues, sacrificing the long-term benefits of standing trees for short-term gain. Forests still cover about 30 percent of the world’s land area, but they are disappearing at an alarming rate. Since 1990, the world has lost 420 million hectares or about a billion acres of forest, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations—mainly in Africa and South America. About 17 percent of the Amazonian rainforest has been destroyed over the past 50 years, and losses recently have been on the rise. The organization Amazon Conservation reports that destruction rose by 21 percent in 2020, a loss the size of Israel. We need trees for a variety of reasons, not least of which is that they absorb not only the carbon dioxide that we exhale, but also the heat-trapping greenhouse gases that human activities emit. As those gases enter the atmosphere, global warming increases, a trend scientists now prefer to call climate change. Tropical tree cover alone can provide 23 percent of the climate mitigation needed over the next decade to meet goals set in the Paris Agreement in 2015, according to one estimate.|images/a4.jpeg
Trees make us happier|Snigdha|The study brought out interesting conclusions. For instance, being in overcrowded environments increased loneliness by up to 38%. On the other hand, being with people who are like us, who share the same values, decreased loneliness by 21%. The conclusion? It is the quality of our interactions that matter and not the quantity. I always wondered why my grandparents felt happier when they were out on the balcony, basking in the sun to the sound of birds. This study had an interesting conclusion that answered my question - People were 28% less likely to feel lonely in urban settings with natural features such as trees, plants and birds relative to urban settings which are missing these features. Called ‘ecosystem services’ the value additions made by living nature - be it purification of water, food grains, animals and their environments - add to our quality of life, and in turn to our emotional and mental wellbeing. |images/a5.jpg
Health Benefits of Trees|Mou|A growing body of research shows that regularly spending time around trees provides a wide range of human health benefits, from lowering stress to improving cognition to boosting longevity, according to experts.|images/a6.jpeg
About tree|Md. Sazzad Siddique|Tree Plantation is good for environment|images/FB_IMG_1548009486509-500x539.jpg